Stamps Kickstarter

1. Hi, I'm Heather
Heather coconut and bamboo
2. Yeah
Ylang coconut cherries
3. This is where we hang out
Betel, hemp, coconut
4. Drink our tea
Sunflower, Poppy, dates
5. Stay up all night
Basket flower, coconut, hemp
6. And sew away
Quinces, Persimmon, rose, bamboo
7. Watch corny VH1 reruns
Palm oil, corn oil, hemp, apricot, cardoon
8. Light up some Insense
Sunflower, bamboo, rose, coconut, strawberry
9. Cut some fabric
Blueberry, palmetto, nectarines, arnica, sunflower
10. Just as you can see
Jimsonweed, bamboo, sunflower, Persimmon, ageratum
11. Got over a night of sewing
Raspberry, hemp, Japanese cherry blossom, burdock, peach
12. It's a mess
Artemesia, coconut, clove, betel nut, noni
13. We're working on our spring collection of ours
Plum,.geranium, pink roses, coconut, peach
14. We don't let it phase us
Lina Lool, dates, geranium, rose, hemp
15. Just keep working
Pine, Palm oil, coconut
16. He's our only friend really
Blanketflower, rose, peaches, sunflower
17. But what mainly influences us is the earth
Nicotiana, coriander, mullein, Mullberry, mango, hemp
18. It's Natural beauty
Coconut, sunflower, rose, bamboo
19. It's natural shapes and forms
Coconut, hemp, bamboo, sunflower, rose
20. And we like to translate that into our clothing
Lemon, humulene, pine, clove, cayophyllene, Lina lool, limonene, myrcene
21. You'll be seeing pretty soon so
Coconut rose basil
22. We're really into organics and going green
Cherries, oregano, clove , cinnamon, sunflower
24. And environmentally conscious 
Peaches, lavender, basil, rose, sunflower
25. We like to think about it and not harm it in any way
Plums, Laurel, bamboo, cinnamon, burdock
26. Random coffee shops
Peppers, basil, black pepper, oregano, cinnamon, w base
27. Random places
Lemongrass, bamboo, thyme, mangoes, sunflower
28. You know everything has its own
All.
29. Artistic Value to it
Coconut sunflower
30. And we appreciate it everywhere we go
Mint, juniper, green tea, coconut, hemp
31. We go to downtown Dallas
Coriander, conifers, oregano, bamboo, hemp
32. This broken down building
Lemongrass, plum, coconut, rose, strawberry
33. We still see the beauty in it
Coconut, cinnamon, thyme, bamboo, pears
34. We see the beauty in everything
Rose, hemp, oregano and basil
35. So we hope to see you soon
Clove, coconut and sunflower
36. We hope you get into the fix of Trees Naturals
Natural Shapes and Lina lool, geraniol, orange
37. And well be talking to you soon
Burdock, bamboo, coconut
38. Woo
Daisy, rose, Rice vinegar

Pea tree

Oregano, thyme, basil, banana

Four square best with peacock

            Butterfly Pea, bamboo, lemongrass coconut, nectarine, hemp

Tunic

Bamboo sunflower hemp burdock

Bc shorts

            Rose, peach, lemon, fancy oranges

Catholic top

            Coconut, rainbow Swiss Chard, white pineapple, burdock,        bamboo

Yoga sailor outfit

           Geranium, goat milk, indigo oil, cinnamon


Headband

          Cherries, Camilla flower, raspberries, blueberry, white Darjeeling, betel nut, coconut, sunflower

Baby bow dress

      Grapefruit, fennel, cocoa butter, Persimmon 

Daisy recorder red bottom dress

       Daisy, lemon, white rose, quince, raspberry, butterfly pea oil, white tea

Red lined jacket

       Acorn squash, black garlic, blackberry, hemp sunflower and bamboo

Fresh cut purple shirt
      
        Plum, orange, basil, bamboo, hemp

Snake scarf with marroon flower

       Cherry, mustard, banana, coconut, rose sunflower bamboo

Hippy top

      Pomello, lavender, hemo, betel, burdock

Blush floral

      Peach, peony, lily, rose, lotus, gardenia, geranium, geraniol

Bermuda short

      Pineapple, cherry, coconut, cinnamon, butterfly pea, dates, hemp

Wristlets rose and sunflower

Rose, sunflower, lemon caryophyolene, beta cayophyllene

Quilt
 
Rose lotus geranium burdock

Banner

      Butterfly Pea, cocoa, soy, purple potato, cherry

Horsey shorts

      Blanket flower, artemesia, geranium, plum, sunflower, bamboo

Flapper dress
      White tea, cactus fruit, banana, pear, betel, mint, sunflower


Pearl flower pin

      Ylang, lavender, lotus, red rose

Credit tank

White raspberry, Mullberry, dark red oranges, rhubarb coconut sunflower
     
Marroon skirt
 
Hibiscus, rose, bamboo, dates

Well dress

Butterflypea, white tea, tumeric, cherry, black walnut coconut and thyme

Hemp pants

Brazil Nut cream, hemp, burdock, Rice vinegar, boysenberry

Blue belt

Plum, indigo, spinach, tea tree, Ylang, coconut and sunflower

Pea Tree, hi I'm Heather, woo

Does it turn you on
Cold press
I like the proof
Crunch it up for some hippy time
Because they still have a place in life

Make list, post on GitHub, get ready to make calls for Hoakuna and Kickstarter stamps, budget and schedule Amazon purchases


Anything metal has tea tree
